Since the number can appear twice
If the number of elements in the array is less
than or equal to two we can skip the process
and just return n.
And if the number of elements in the array is
greater than two, then we have to remove the duplicate
So let us see how. Since each element can appear twice, we can
store the first elements straight away without any analysis and
set the new array length count as one. From the
second element, compare its previous and next elements
If they are equal just keep it.
If they are not equal, store the current element and
increment the new length count
Here the second element is five
We need to compare its previous and next elements
Here both are equal. So skip it and move to the
next element.
And here five and six are not equal. So store
the current element five and increment new array length
Now we have the previous element five and the next
element six
These are not equal. So store current element six and
increment new length and we will get three. Now compare
the previous and next elements of the current element six
and we have both equal to six
So skip it and move to the next element
And here previous element equal to six and next element
equal to eight
So these are not the same
So store the current element and increment new length and
we will get four.
So we have done the process till the second to
last element.
Finally we need to store the last element that is eight.
So the new array will be 5 5 6 6 8 and the new
length is five.